id	subject	text	content	date	priority
13	Urgent: Tax Filing Deadline Approaching	Attention Taxpayers: The deadline for filing taxes is approaching. Make sure to submit your returns before the due date: 07/04/2024.	Urgent: Tax Filing Deadline Approaching Attention Taxpayers: The deadline for filing taxes is approaching. Make sure to submit your returns before the due date: 07/04/2024.	07/04/2024	35
7	Urgent: Loan Approval Needed	Hi: We need your immediate attention regarding the approval of our loan application. Kindly expedite the process by 08/04/2024.	Urgent: Loan Approval Needed Hi: We need your immediate attention regarding the approval of our loan application. Kindly expedite the process by 08/04/2024.	08/04/2024	34
20	Urgent: Account Security Alert	Attention Account Holders: We have noticed unusual activity on your account. Please review your transactions immediately.	Urgent: Account Security Alert Attention Account Holders: We have noticed unusual activity on your account. Please review your transactions immediately.		25
1	Urgent: Payment Confirmation	Dear Customer: Please confirm the payment for the invoice #123456. Your prompt response is highly appreciated.	Urgent: Payment Confirmation Dear Customer: Please confirm the payment for the invoice #123456. Your prompt response is highly appreciated.		25
15	Important: Board Meeting Agenda	Board Members: Attached is the agenda for our upcoming board meeting. Your attendance and input are necessary.	Important: Board Meeting Agenda Board Members: Attached is the agenda for our upcoming board meeting. Your attendance and input are necessary.		23
6	Important: Budget Meeting Agenda	Team: Please find attached the agenda for our upcoming budget meeting. Your attendance is crucial.	Important: Budget Meeting Agenda Team: Please find attached the agenda for our upcoming budget meeting. Your attendance is crucial.		23
19	Important: Annual Budget Review	Team: We need to conduct a thorough review of the annual budget. Please ensure availability for the meeting next week.	Important: Annual Budget Review Team: We need to conduct a thorough review of the annual budget. Please ensure availability for the meeting next week.		23
31	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching	Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.		21
8	Deadline Extension Request	Hello: I'm requesting an extension on the deadline for project XYZ due to unforeseen circumstances.	Deadline Extension Request Hello: I'm requesting an extension on the deadline for project XYZ due to unforeseen circumstances.		21
91	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching	Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.		21
61	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching	Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.	Task Reminder: Deadline Approaching Hi Team: Just a reminder that the deadline for Task A is approaching. Let's ensure timely completion.		21
2	Important: Quarterly Financial Report	Hi Team: Attached is the quarterly financial report for review. Please provide your feedback by EOD Friday.	Important: Quarterly Financial Report Hi Team: Attached is the quarterly financial report for review. Please provide your feedback by EOD Friday.		18
11	Important: Year-End Financial Statements	Team: It's crucial to finalize and submit the year-end financial statements by the end of the month.	Important: Year-End Financial Statements Team: It's crucial to finalize and submit the year-end financial statements by the end of the month.		18
50	Client Follow-up: Proposal Submission	Hi Client: Following our recent discussion I'm following up on the submission of the proposal. Please let me know if you need any further information by 12/04/2024.	Client Follow-up: Proposal Submission Hi Client: Following our recent discussion I'm following up on the submission of the proposal. Please let me know if you need any further information by 12/04/2024.	12/04/2024	10
33	Client Meeting Preparation	Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared by 16/04/2024.	Client Meeting Preparation Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared by 16/04/2024.	16/04/2024	6
55	Networking Event Reminder	Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!	Networking Event Reminder Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!		5
57	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.		5
70	Feedback Request: Website Redesign	Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Website Redesign Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
53	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign	Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
47	Training Session Registration Reminder	Hello: Just a friendly reminder to complete your registration for the upcoming training session. Limited seats available.	Training Session Registration Reminder Hello: Just a friendly reminder to complete your registration for the upcoming training session. Limited seats available.		5
49	Meeting Request: Budget Review	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the budget for the next quarter. Please suggest suitable dates.	Meeting Request: Budget Review Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the budget for the next quarter. Please suggest suitable dates.		5
62	Proposal Review Request	Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.	Proposal Review Request Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.		5
63	Client Meeting Preparation	Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared.	Client Meeting Preparation Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared.		5
66	Quarterly Sales Review	Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.	Quarterly Sales Review Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.		5
68	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.		5
79	Meeting Request: Budget Review	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the budget for the next quarter. Please suggest suitable dates.	Meeting Request: Budget Review Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the budget for the next quarter. Please suggest suitable dates.		5
72	Task Follow-up: Action Items	Hi Team: Following our meeting yesterday I'm following up on the action items assigned. Please provide status updates.	Task Follow-up: Action Items Hi Team: Following our meeting yesterday I'm following up on the action items assigned. Please provide status updates.		5
74	Meeting Confirmation: Quarterly Review	Hi Team: Confirming our meeting scheduled for tomorrow to conduct the quarterly review. See you then.	Meeting Confirmation: Quarterly Review Hi Team: Confirming our meeting scheduled for tomorrow to conduct the quarterly review. See you then.		5
75	Task Status Update Request	Hello Team: I'm requesting updates on the status of ongoing tasks. Please provide your updates by EOD today.	Task Status Update Request Hello Team: I'm requesting updates on the status of ongoing tasks. Please provide your updates by EOD today.		5
77	Training Session Registration Reminder	Hello: Just a friendly reminder to complete your registration for the upcoming training session. Limited seats available.	Training Session Registration Reminder Hello: Just a friendly reminder to complete your registration for the upcoming training session. Limited seats available.		5
44	Meeting Confirmation: Quarterly Review	Hi Team: Confirming our meeting scheduled for tomorrow to conduct the quarterly review. See you then.	Meeting Confirmation: Quarterly Review Hi Team: Confirming our meeting scheduled for tomorrow to conduct the quarterly review. See you then.		5
80	Client Follow-up: Proposal Submission	Hi Client: Following our recent discussion I'm following up on the submission of the proposal. Please let me know if you need any further information.	Client Follow-up: Proposal Submission Hi Client: Following our recent discussion I'm following up on the submission of the proposal. Please let me know if you need any further information.		5
81	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap	Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.		5
83	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign	Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
85	Networking Event Reminder	Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!	Networking Event Reminder Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!		5
87	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.		5
92	Proposal Review Request	Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.	Proposal Review Request Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.		5
93	Client Meeting Preparation	Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared.	Client Meeting Preparation Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client meeting scheduled for next Wednesday. Review the agenda and come prepared.		5
96	Quarterly Sales Review	Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.	Quarterly Sales Review Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.		5
98	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.		5
45	Task Status Update Request	Hello Team: I'm requesting updates on the status of ongoing tasks. Please provide your updates by EOD today.	Task Status Update Request Hello Team: I'm requesting updates on the status of ongoing tasks. Please provide your updates by EOD today.		5
51	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap	Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.		5
25	Networking Event Reminder	Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!	Networking Event Reminder Hello: Just a reminder about the upcoming networking event this Friday. Don't forget to bring your business cards!		5
32	Proposal Review Request	Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.	Proposal Review Request Hello: I've prepared a proposal for the new project. Please review and provide your input at your earliest convenience.		5
3	Reminder: Expense Reimbursement	Hi John: Just a friendly reminder to submit your expense reimbursement form by the end of the week. Thanks!	Reminder: Expense Reimbursement Hi John: Just a friendly reminder to submit your expense reimbursement form by the end of the week. Thanks!		5
5	Follow-up: Investment Opportunity	Dear Investor: Following our recent discussion I wanted to follow up on the potential investment opportunity.	Follow-up: Investment Opportunity Dear Investor: Following our recent discussion I wanted to follow up on the potential investment opportunity.		5
10	Invoice Payment Reminder	Hi John: Just a gentle reminder about the pending invoice payment. Please ensure timely settlement.	Invoice Payment Reminder Hi John: Just a gentle reminder about the pending invoice payment. Please ensure timely settlement.		5
12	Follow-up: Investment Portfolio Review	Dear Client: Following our recent meeting I'm following up on scheduling a review of your investment portfolio.	Follow-up: Investment Portfolio Review Dear Client: Following our recent meeting I'm following up on scheduling a review of your investment portfolio.		5
16	Loan Repayment Reminder	Hi: This is a reminder to ensure timely repayment of your loan installment. Missing payments may result in penalties.	Loan Repayment Reminder Hi: This is a reminder to ensure timely repayment of your loan installment. Missing payments may result in penalties.		5
17	Request for Financial Advice	Hi Financial Advisor: I'm seeking advice on investment options. Can we schedule a meeting to discuss further?	Request for Financial Advice Hi Financial Advisor: I'm seeking advice on investment options. Can we schedule a meeting to discuss further?		5
21	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap	Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.	Follow-up: Client Meeting Recap Dear Client: Thank you for meeting with us yesterday. Here's a recap of our discussion and action items for follow-up.		5
23	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign	Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Marketing Campaign Hello Marketing Team: We're seeking feedback on the recent marketing campaign. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
42	Task Follow-up: Action Items	Hi Team: Following our meeting yesterday I'm following up on the action items assigned. Please provide status updates.	Task Follow-up: Action Items Hi Team: Following our meeting yesterday I'm following up on the action items assigned. Please provide status updates.		5
27	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.	Meeting Request: Quarterly Review Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to conduct the quarterly review of our department's performance. Please suggest suitable dates.		5
100	Feedback Request: Website Redesign	Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Website Redesign Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
38	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff	Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.	Meeting Request: Project Kickoff Hi Team: Let's schedule a meeting to kick off the new project. Please suggest suitable dates and times.		5
36	Quarterly Sales Review	Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.	Quarterly Sales Review Hello Sales Team: Let's schedule a meeting to review the sales performance for the quarter and discuss strategies for improvement.		5
40	Feedback Request: Website Redesign	Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.	Feedback Request: Website Redesign Hi Team: We're seeking feedback on the proposed design changes for the website redesign project. Please review and share your thoughts.		5
56	Task Assignment: Website Redesign	Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Website Redesign Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.		0
89	Project Update: Milestone Achieved	Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.	Project Update: Milestone Achieved Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.		0
82	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion	Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.		0
39	Training Session Announcement	Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.	Training Session Announcement Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.		0
84	Training Session Invitation	Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.	Training Session Invitation Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.		0
14	Payment Discrepancy Resolution	Hello: There seems to be a discrepancy in the recent payment received. Please investigate and resolve at the earliest.	Payment Discrepancy Resolution Hello: There seems to be a discrepancy in the recent payment received. Please investigate and resolve at the earliest.		0
86	Task Assignment: Website Redesign	Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Website Redesign Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.		0
48	Task Prioritization Discussion	Hi Team: Let's discuss the prioritization of tasks for the upcoming week. Your input will help us allocate resources effectively.	Task Prioritization Discussion Hi Team: Let's discuss the prioritization of tasks for the upcoming week. Your input will help us allocate resources effectively.		0
88	Resource Allocation Discussion	Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.	Resource Allocation Discussion Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.		0
90	Training Session Feedback	Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.	Training Session Feedback Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.		0
37	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign	Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.		0
9	Account Balance Update	Dear Customer: Your account balance has been updated. Please review the changes and let us know if you have any queries.	Account Balance Update Dear Customer: Your account balance has been updated. Please review the changes and let us know if you have any queries.		0
46	Project Progress Report	Hi Team: Please find attached the progress report for the ongoing project. Review and provide your feedback.	Project Progress Report Hi Team: Please find attached the progress report for the ongoing project. Review and provide your feedback.		0
94	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey	Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.		0
95	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment	Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.		0
4	Account Statement Inquiry	Hello: I'm writing to inquire about my recent account statement. Could you please provide clarification on a few items?	Account Statement Inquiry Hello: I'm writing to inquire about my recent account statement. Could you please provide clarification on a few items?		0
97	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign	Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.		0
41	Client Presentation Preparation	Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client presentation scheduled for next Monday. Review the slides and come prepared.	Client Presentation Preparation Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client presentation scheduled for next Monday. Review the slides and come prepared.		0
99	Training Session Announcement	Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.	Training Session Announcement Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.		0
18	Inquiry: Mortgage Application Status	Dear Team: I'm inquiring about the status of my mortgage application. Can you provide an update please?	Inquiry: Mortgage Application Status Dear Team: I'm inquiring about the status of my mortgage application. Can you provide an update please?		0
78	Task Prioritization Discussion	Hi Team: Let's discuss the prioritization of tasks for the upcoming week. Your input will help us allocate resources effectively.	Task Prioritization Discussion Hi Team: Let's discuss the prioritization of tasks for the upcoming week. Your input will help us allocate resources effectively.		0
34	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey	Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.		0
28	Resource Allocation Discussion	Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.	Resource Allocation Discussion Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.		0
58	Resource Allocation Discussion	Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.	Resource Allocation Discussion Hello: I'm initiating a discussion on resource allocation for the upcoming projects. Your input is valuable.		0
59	Project Update: Milestone Achieved	Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.	Project Update: Milestone Achieved Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.		0
60	Training Session Feedback	Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.	Training Session Feedback Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.		0
35	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment	Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.		0
30	Training Session Feedback	Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.	Training Session Feedback Hello Participants: We'd appreciate your feedback on the recent training session. Please take a moment to fill out the feedback form.		0
29	Project Update: Milestone Achieved	Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.	Project Update: Milestone Achieved Hi Team: We've reached a significant milestone in the project. Let's celebrate our progress and discuss next steps.		0
64	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey	Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.	Feedback Solicitation: Customer Survey Hello: We're conducting a customer survey to gather feedback on our products and services. Please participate.		0
65	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment	Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.	Project Update: Timeline Adjustment Hi Team: Due to unforeseen circumstances we need to adjust the project timeline. Let's discuss the revised schedule.		0
67	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign	Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Marketing Campaign Hi Marketing Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming marketing campaign. Please review the attached document for details.		0
22	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion	Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.		0
54	Training Session Invitation	Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.	Training Session Invitation Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.		0
69	Training Session Announcement	Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.	Training Session Announcement Hello Team: We're organizing a training session on conflict resolution techniques. Save the date and more details will follow soon.		0
26	Task Assignment: Website Redesign	Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.	Task Assignment: Website Redesign Hi Team: I'm assigning tasks for the upcoming website redesign project. Please review the attached document for details.		0
71	Client Presentation Preparation	Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client presentation scheduled for next Monday. Review the slides and come prepared.	Client Presentation Preparation Hi Team: Let's prepare for the upcoming client presentation scheduled for next Monday. Review the slides and come prepared.		0
73	Resource Allocation Review	Hello: Let's review the current resource allocation for ongoing projects and make adjustments as necessary.	Resource Allocation Review Hello: Let's review the current resource allocation for ongoing projects and make adjustments as necessary.		0
24	Training Session Invitation	Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.	Training Session Invitation Hi Team: You're invited to attend a training session on the new software scheduled for next Monday. Please RSVP.		0
52	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion	Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.	Project Update: Phase 1 Completion Hi Team: I'm pleased to inform you that Phase 1 of the project has been successfully completed. Let's discuss the next steps.		0
76	Project Progress Report	Hi Team: Please find attached the progress report for the ongoing project. Review and provide your feedback.	Project Progress Report Hi Team: Please find attached the progress report for the ongoing project. Review and provide your feedback.		0
43	Resource Allocation Review	Hello: Let's review the current resource allocation for ongoing projects and make adjustments as necessary.	Resource Allocation Review Hello: Let's review the current resource allocation for ongoing projects and make adjustments as necessary.		0
